Influenza, also known as the flu,
is a respiratory infection
caused by a virus.
The virus spreads through close
contact with someone who is
sneezing or coughing,
or by handling objects that were
touched by someone with the flu.
Compared to a cold,
flu symptoms develop much faster
and are more severe.
They can last from 3 days
to 2 weeks.
Symptoms of the flu include:
chills and fever
muscle aches
headache
runny nose
cough
sore throat
You can reduce the chances
of your child getting the flu
by keeping them away from people who are sick,
keeping your hands and your
child’s hands clean,
and having any child
over 6 months old
vaccinated for the flu
each year.